Fix distance measurement system (#3541)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where `ReplayLocationManager` would crash if initialized with just one location. ([#3528](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3528))
* Added the `ReplayLocationManager.onReplayLoopCompleted` property that allows you to stop the location manager from looping back to the beginning of the route. ([#3528](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3528))

### Other changes

> * Fixed an issue where `NavigationRouteOptions.distanceMeasurementSystem` and `NavigationMatchOptions.distanceMeasurementSystem` wasn't taken into account for formatting distance strings. ([#3541](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3541))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where setting `DirectionsOptions.distanceMeasurementSystem` did not affect the units displayed in the user interface. ([#3541](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3541))
```
